yuck so much rain this explains how all
the elephants found all that water to
drink
mama wait for me mama there aren't many
good hiding places around here
what about over there no that's no good
Oh what about here
could we hide in this old tree trunk
No there just isn't anywhere to escape
the ring I can't run anywhere when is
this wet and slippy when will all the
rain stop
I'd like to run again Quito can't wait
for the Sun to come back up all the
animals are getting very wet but in
another part of the Masai Mara for one
of our little because the rain is fun
the usually lazy lands cannot so lazy
now they're open about playing the cool
rain
jumbo jumbo plane in the rain is my
favorite thing in the whole world
running in the puddle kills great fun me
and my friends can get muddy and wet all
the jump in and splishing and splashing
I love it hey there's a bird
hi little bad do you want to come out
join in our rain games
oh no he's flown away wow I wonder how
he manages to fly with such wet wings oh
well where were you
I'll just get back to play with my
friends instead the lion cubs are having
great fun playing in the wet weather but
I hope the rain washes all that mud off
goodbye no go or Kwaheri as we say here
what happy